GH-131278: Support building using "computed gotos" for clang-cl on Windows (#131279)
python/cpython: Doc/whatsnew/3.14.rst

  with :c:expr:`Py_NO_LINK_LIB`. (Contributed by Jean-Christophe
  Fillion-Robin in :gh:`82909`.)

> * building with clang-cl on Windows now supports PGO (profile guided

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* clang-cl builds on Windows now work with ``--pgo`` (profile guided
```

>   optimization), uses ``-flto=thin`` and can be configured to use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  optimization), and can be configured to use
```

Is using `-flto=thin` important to call out? It shouldn't change the ABI of the build output at all, and it's not configurable.

>   computed gotos. (Contributed by Chris Eibl in

Author: IMHO "computed gotos and/or tail calls" would be better here, but up to @Fidget-Spinner 's liking  :)
